Grids: update the 'onEditorPreparing' description (#3923)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxDataGrid/1 Configuration/onEditorPreparing.md

    url: "https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/DataGrid/CommandColumnCustomization/"
}

[note]

- We do not recommend that you use the **onEditorPreparing** function to specify an editor's default value. Use the [onInitNewRow](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/GridBase/1%20Configuration/onInitNewRow.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#onInitNewRow') function instead.

> - This function has the highest priority over the other editing tools. The priority order is the following: **onEditorPreparing** > [columns]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/columns/).[formItem]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/columns/#formItem) > [editing]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/editing/).[form]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/editing/#form).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This function has the highest priority over the other editing tools. The order of priority is as follows: **onEditorPreparing** > [columns]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/columns/).[formItem]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/columns/#formItem) > [editing]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/editing/).[form]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/editing/#form).
```
